docs: add Edge Native to skip worker node update (#10640)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Features

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-8643 -->

> - Connected Edge Native clusters now support upgrading the control plane independently from worker pools. Enable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connected (centrally managed) Edge Native clusters now support upgrading the control plane independently from worker pools. Enable the
```

  **Skip worker node update** toggle on a worker pool to defer its Kubernetes upgrade while the control plane advances.
  Palette enforces the Kubernetes [N-3 minor version skew](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/) to
  prevent unsupported drift between the control plane and worker nodes. This enables smoother CK8s LTS upgrade

>   orchestration on edge without repaving every worker pool on each profile bump. The toggle is available in both Palette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  prevent unsupported drift between the control plane and worker nodes. This enables smoother Kubernetes upgrade
  orchestration on without repaving every worker pool on each version bump. The toggle is available in both Palette
```

Don't think we need to mention LTS here. The epic is essentially putting these functions in place for LTS Palette, which is forthcoming.

>   supported. For more information, refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  prevent unsupported drift between the control plane and worker nodes. For more information, refer to
```

Just shortening for release note purposes.

>   UI and Local UI. Airgapped Edge clusters are not supported. For more information, refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  UI and Local UI. Locally managed Edge clusters are not supported. For more information, refer to
```

This is a confusing concept for Edge, but usually airgapped = locally managed and connected = centrally managed. Locally managed means the edge device is not registered with Palette, but you can still connect to the internet from the host (usually). Airgapped is no connection to Palette and no connection to the internet.
